accidents involving motorcyclists are increasingly frequent and serious
to get to the destination many travel by counter-hand make
prohibitions and the problem is not exclusive to large cities.
do not enter the mine south two women died run over by a
motorcycle at high speed
the women as of 53 and the other of 58 years crossed a street of cassia south
of mines when they were hit by a motorcycle
none of the two survived the biker was injured and is
hospitalized according to police he was aware high speed in Belo Horizonte
the biker every half an hour arrives at hospital joão 23
the fleet
only grows when a little over 80 thousand boil in the capital today are
almost double since May figures in the italian lecture will get home to
recklessness reinforces the fiscal
info - it is the road that biker Wednesday right
others cross suddenly in front of the cars to change the track here the period
to hit the wall of the viaduct
to enter the goal
my group of nuns the marking of a fault
pedestrians are also exposed on this avenue.
and to the famous to the broker the calculator pain of the corridor has hour that could not
to give up
out and life is no longer hertha's technician if that car
was to divert from a simple can of soda
he said prize and the accident is inevitable the pilot who is pilot of
moto
It shows that it can be so.
more securely when he was still climbing
You change the lane, I get in the lane around.
without a problem without any risk now when the traffic has stopped or in
reason of a traffic light of a problem with which it in front there yes
motorcyclist can pass between cars in a speed amount of
yes no risk
my speed is low it's a vehicle it has to occupy a space
normal that a vehicle with a pariah nothing short of space very early to
circulation
above the continuous range these images made by his antonio showed how
abuse of some motorcyclists who invade the
up the space on the other side of pedestrians lists she also said
that even in these streets suffered an accident
the motorcyclist would have made an overtaking in a prohibited place of certain
so that he did not respect
and just ahead of your opponent this will be an elbow all the
crossings are other risks to those who
it's his
according to the police
happens the greatest number of accidents involving motorcyclists
mainly because it concerns the signaling in the note the promoter
the right or left side when hit return with group 2 commit
mistakes and should be protected even more tragic even if the preference
be mine
who has to take
the safety precautions is the motorcyclist and the care or walking
rightly respecting
the mexicans do everything right